feat: Antora assembler (#2489)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/creating-a-telemetry-plugin.adoc

      plugins:                           <2>
      - 'http://apache-che.apps-crc.testing/plugin.yaml'
----

> <1> The editor Id to set default plug-ins for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> The link:https://www.eclipse.org/che/docs/stable/end-user-guide/selecting-a-workspace-ide/[IDE `id`] to set the default plug-ins for.
```

Author: According to https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/id:

id is an abbreviation for identification.

So either:

```suggestion
<1> The editor id to set the default plug-ins for.
```

or:

```suggestion
<1> The editor identification to set the default plug-ins for.
```

but it's not code.
